changelog: Cloud output v2 (#3161)
grafana/k6: release notes/v0.46.0.md

Thanks @chrismoran-mica for contribution 🙇‍♂️.

### Cloud Output v2 [#3117](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3117)

After years of great service, we decided to refresh the k6 Cloud output introducing a more efficient end-to-end solution for ingesting the generated tests' metrics.

The new output reduces the load generators' used resources for tests that produce many metrics. There is no significant difference in the user experience; it's expected to be the same. 

> The one thing worth highlighting is that the new output is strict about tags and drops tags if they are reserved. It's `test_run_id` and any tag that starts with two underscores, `__` (Prometheus convention).

Author: ```suggestion
The one thing worth highlighting is that the new output is strict about tags and drops tags if they are reserved:
 - `test_run_id` as it is reserved for internal k6 cloud operations
 - any tag with a key that starts with two underscores (`__`), that is marked by Prometheus convention as reserved.
```
@olegbespalov WDYT? Could be an improvement?

Reviewer: It's fine too me :+1:
